I'm going to try and keep this short since I planned on not drinking until I finished this speech and a drink is starting to sound pretty good right about now.

All right, so for those of you who don't know me, I’m Mitchell’s BEST brother. I also happen to be his only brother but I think best has a nicer ring to it.  Before you try and guess, I’m also the OLDER brother.  I’m not Mitchell’s twin, and I’m not his younger brother either.  People still seem to get that one wrong, as long as I can keep this up for the next 30 years I'll have the last laugh. Just you wait Mitchell. To add insult to injury Mitchell has always been taller than me (I was quite short when I was younger). Thankfully I eventually grew a bit more, but Mitch only let me be both tall and taller than him for about a week. What a week that was though. I imagine now that your getting married that the age issue will come up more and more, but I've been talking with my therapist and I think I've finally worked through it ;)

I first met Mitchell in the early nineties and we've known each other for about 22, almost 23 years. And in that time we haven't spent more than four months apart in a consecutive period of time. Right from when Mitch was born we've been glued at the hip. Well, except for that time when we were about two and four and Mitchell left me a little floating surprise in the tub. It took me a little while to get over that one. Fast forward a little bit, me and Mitch have been best friends for a long time. Since even before we started drawing wonder crayon drawings under grandma aggie's tables. For some reason grandma didn't appreciate them as much as we did. Throughout school I can honestly say that I've spent more time with Mitchell than anyone else that I've ever met. We always used to spent our entire weekend and most of the weekday after school together sitting downstairs in the living room. We also did lots of after school and summer activities together. In the summer we used to have a tonne of fun on the lake playing in the water and going for hikes on the weekend when we were out on the boat. During the winter season Mitchell was my best skiing and snowboarding buddy. I remember we used to play what was basically a game of tag in the trees when we were snowboarding. Looking back on that now, that was actually pretty dangerous. I also remember we used to try and bribe the ski lift with cookies when it would stop moving. I think it got wise to us eventually because it hasn't worked in a few years. Me and 

 When Mitch proposed to Bethany he gave me a call a few minutes after it happened, and I can still remember the excitement in his voice. I recall though that he was very disappointed to hear my nonchelant reply "okay". So, in order to understand why I wasn't more excited you have to realize that Mitchell had been talking about marrying Bethany for a very long time and I had basically considered it to be a done deal two years ago. So I'm formally apologizing for not being more surprized by the fact that it took you four years to finally propose.
Too many good memories and hollywood stories so I'll just share a few.

Hermie the barracuda
Ocean School -> snorkeling/diving

We were a united force against the parents, powerless alone, but together, well still powerless. But doing chores was a lot more fun when it was with Mitch.

Bethany -> Mitchell asked me what I thought of her, always more concerned about others than himself. I'm glad he's found someone who makes him so happy.

Living together in Calgary

Beth and Mitch had to have such a strong relationship in order to last through the long distance. Mitchell always made time to call her even during exams or long assignments.

MBethany, almost like Bethany was there all the time.

Frantically wrote this speech last night, but Mitchell meticulously planned his proposal to Bethany. Kinder surprise mitchell, awweee.

What it's like living with Mitchell.
	I know you aren't supposed to give advice during the best man speech but too bad, you gave me the mike. I also happen be a bit of an authority figure when it comes to living with Mitchell.
	So, Bethany before you start complaining about what it's like living with Mitchell, consider that the version of Mitchell your getting is Mitchell 2.0. It took a lot of work to get him to where he is now. Although I must admit that Mitchell is doing a really good job of getting your new place ready here in Kelowna for when you move in after your honeymoon.
	Allright, so brace yourself Mitch the gloves are coming off. The first thing I should mention is that Mitch doesn't like making phone calls. He claims that he is better at it now but I've yet to see a difference. To give you an example, me and Mitchell spent almost a month with the oven on heating the house because the heating in the house was dying and I always seemed to be home when it was working again. Eventually I made the call.
	Another heads up, if Mitch is busy with something, he probably isn't going to do the dishes. Even if you give him all day. Trust me Bethany I've tried. Perhaps you'll have better luck bethany since you'll have ways to *COUGH* persuade him. If that does work by the way I would like to know because I tried everything. Perhaps that was the missing link. 
	The last thing I'm going to recommend is that you don't sweat the small stuff. The biggest fight me and Mitchell ever had in our place in Calgary was over a spoon that one of us wanted. I don't even remember which one of us wanted it, I just remember how mad we got. Apparently that sort of thing isn't uncommon. My parents, jamie and dale faught quite a bit when they first moved in together. My father is very passionate about the toothpaste being squeezed from the bottom and rolled up, and Mom would just squeeze from the middle. The eventually fixed it by buying two tubes of toothpaste. So Mitchell, Go and get a good engineering job and live a little. Buy two tubes of toothpaste.

On the subject of engineering, I saw Mitchell at his ring ceremony and I know how proud he is to have his engineering ring. I also know that he is even more proud of the new ring he received from Bethany, and he is even more proud to be with you Bethany. And Bethany thank you because I know that you make my brother happy in a way that I never could.

I'm also very pleased to be welcoming Bethany to our family. I couldn't ask for a better sister in-law. Sorry for the last name. On that subject Bethany, your going to get all kinds of wrong pronounciations. You've been spoiled with a last name like Edwards, be prepared to be called Mrs. Koopka, Mrs. Kopke, I once got Brandon Kokanee, I didn't mind that one as much. But please Bethany treasure those few times when someone does get your name correc the first time. For all of us koepke's.

Now Bethany, yep sorry your not through this yet. I just want to say that I've recognized how passionate you are about your art. I recognized it when I first met you, in everthing that you do. You express your artistic ability through how you do your hair, how you maticulously plan your clothes, and I can see it in everything you have done today. Your dress, your hair, the brides maids dresses, and these awesome suspenders. I get to keep these after right? There's even boat props on the tables! Anyway I just wanted to acknowledge the amazing job you've done today.

Allright, so finally in closing. (I'm going to have trouble with this part so bear with me). Mitch, I know that I don't say it very often but your my best friend. I know that I'll be seeing less of you now but it puts a big smile on my face knowing how happy your going to be living with Bethany
And Bethany, I'm so glad to have you as (can I call you) a sister? Anyway, I should just say that I love you both Mitchell and Bethany. Mom made me say that. Now I would like to toast both of you, I know you both will have a long and happy marriage. Mitchell and Bethany.
